today in this 2009 toyota rav4 we're
gonna install a draw-tite hitch part
number 75528 also be comparable to
hidden hitch part number 77 eight-five
here a couple measurements that will
assist you with selecting accessories
for your new hitch from the center of
the hitch pinhole to the outermost point
of the spare tire is 6 and a half inches
the top of the receiver tube to the
ground is 12 and 3/4 inches now let's go
ahead with the installation
we'll have two mounting locations on
each side everything we point out to you
on the driver's side it's going to be
repeated identically on the passenger's
side with the exception of the
manufacturers tow hook that's on the
driver's side this will need to be
removed first then our forward modelling
location will be here
and our rear mounting location will be
the rear most weld nut in the frame
before we install our hitch we're going
to want to clean out the weld nuts that
we're exposed so we'll take a little
spray lubricant and a half inch nylon
tube brush and clean out the threads the
older the vehicle gets the more dirt
dust and debris is going to build up in
those threads so you may have to take a
little more time as they'll be able to
get solder to clean them out I always
recommend to take one of the new
fasteners and thread it up into the weld
nut to make sure to go nice and easily
alright now that we've got our weld nuts
cleaned out let's go ahead and install
our hitch
it's a good time to get an extra set of
hands to help you hold in place while
you install your fasteners we'll just
install our fasteners finger tight till
we get all four in place on the
passenger side the forward mounting
location is above the exhaust to make it
a little easier to get to we're gonna
take a little spray lubricant spray the
rubber hanger of the exhaust we'll go
ahead and push it off and this will
lower the exhaust make it more
accessible to get to our attachment
point
alright with all of our fasteners in
place we'll go ahead and tighten them
down put all of our fasteners tighten
down when going torque to specifications
as indicated instructions with all my
fasteners torqued down I'll go ahead and
reinstall the exhaust all right with our
exhaust reinstalled that completes the
installation with our draw-tite hitch
part number 75528
Tylar rav4
you